ISSUE_TEMPLATE, PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE: refresh (#6556)
tldr-pages/tldr: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
Thank you for reporting an issue!
Please review the following notes before submitting it.

Most issues on this repo are requests for new commands.
If the is the case, make sure to use the standard title ("page request: <command name>") and include a link to a web page about the command and, if possible, to an existing source of example-style documentation.

If your issue is with a particular tldr client, please report the issue there.

> For example, issue for the node client should be reported at https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-node-client/issues

Reviewer: This wording change isn't helpful I don't think.

Author: You cannot raise an issue "in the repo". It might have a separate bug tracker or whatever.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, issue for the Node.js client should be reported at https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr-node-client/issues
```

> If you have a general question or are not sure whether to open an issue, feel free to ask in our Gitter channel:

Reviewer: Not a fan of dropping the `please` here.

<!--
Thank you for reporting an issue!
Please review the following notes before submission.

If you request a new command, please:
- use the standard title ("page request: <command name>")
- include a link to a web page about the command

> - if available, add an existing source of examples

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- if available, add an existing source of example-style documentation
```

Author: I personally have no idea what "example-style documentation" is

I thought it meant: Add a link to a place that already lists examples, i.e. a "source of examples"

Reviewer 2: @xeruf I think `example-style documentation` means something like `documentation build up of examples`. I like the phrasing, but I think we should stick to more simple English.

Reviewer 2: Personally I prefer `example-style documentation`, because it emphasizes that it should be proper documentation and not just any kind of examples, but `examples` is definitively easier for non-English speakers and good enough IMO.
